if that machine is the last
time you yourself do not own I do not know for
the last month of cars turned upside down
upside down I do not know because of what at
to fare was simple sister
great think she is to this
I don't know
coincidence is it or not but something is here
obviously not so I think sis something
suspected
she must not expose my life
just became some kind of bad luck I
more places 1 teacher does not consider
I'm better than a student date with a guy
my dream failed little sister i didn't
interesting
why did he come back cool
even myself
USA
interesting stuff
if you are so sad
I lost my notebook and later what
woe just don't understand how he
important to me there all my thoughts secrets
there my whole life
it would be worse if someone read it
it's on
then not flattered goes 100 notebook
the main thing is that nobody knows what's in it
it is written exactly
like nobody